OK so with re-act we have a particular way to control the assess transitions and we need to make use
of CSSA transfusions group.
This is a separate our own so we need to install it first.
I'm going to show you what to do.
You just need to watch.
There's no need for you to type right now.
And you can have access to all this and get help at the end of the session.
Don't worry.
There is an Ueberlingen of reactor decision but it's not very well documented and there's not much information
available.
So we're going to use the one that everyone is using right now.
So as soon as there is more info available about this new version.
I will just update the.
Don't worry.
So first we need to install the reactor incisions group.
I'm going to go to bew integrated terminal and I installed right here.
I'm just I'm going to install it with you again.
There you go.
OK.
It's going to be NPM install and then begin to do react transmission's transmission and then group right.
You can install a particular version.
It's going to be the one that acts and that we do.
Mine is mine is safe.
And of course it's going to take just a minute.
Right.
So after we after it's install.
Well I've made a project first.
It's a real simple project we have just three different views a basic and a fade and a slide.
So basically what we're doing right here whenever we click an element add an element it's going to add
just new elements with a random number.
You can have all the code right here it's very simple.
So we we we move an element of course is going to remove it.
Now the main point of this is that we are going to be animating this with TSF transitions.
So I'm going to do NPM start because I'm just rendering from Keshet right now can do NPM start now.
The main idea of CSSA rescissions group is that everything is going to be animate it through the process.
It's not a transition at all.
The only thing that Bre-X react to its handling of this with this system sensation's group is going
to be the classis is going to know whenever the element appears or disappears.
So if I add an element re-act is going to handle whenever the is this element appears with classes and
the same thing backwards.
So the first thing to use this is we need to import the package we installed so we can say import and
then begin we begin to use CSSA everything in caps and then transmission's group decision groups.
All right that's fine.
Now we need to is we need to bring it from is going to be re-act dash dash and then transition and then
group right now to use it.
It's it's kind of confusing.
It's actually really confusing.
Just like we did with the.
With all of the other dependencies like the router and everything else we need to wrap everything we
need to wrap the element that we want to animate.
In this case I want to wrap this because whenever an element appears right here we want to animate that
transition.
So I'm going to go right here and I'm going to wrap everything inside C Ss transmission's group.
This actually works like this.
So I'm just going to wrap everything right here.
OK.
Now if I just reload the page.
Right now nothing is going to happen.
And of course we're going to get a lot of hers error messages a lot.
So well we get to have failed prompt type the prompt insertion smart as required in the C SSN where
we get a lot more.
The thing is add that to use this to use CSSA transitions group we need to do a lot of setup.
We need to set to put a lot of settings right here inside the stack.
So let's go to the next section and start talking about this this setting's.